Add support for Ubuntu 18.04 PostgreSQL 10 (#19)
ome/ansible-role-postgresql: README.md

[![Ansible Role](https://img.shields.io/ansible/role/41080.svg)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/ome/postgresql/)

Install upstream PostgreSQL server.

Optionally creates users and databases.

> If you wish to use your distributions packages do not use this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use your distribution's packages then do not use this role.
```
